[singing voice] Aniplex.
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
It was just a misunderstanding,
ma'am.
I sincerely apologize
if we caused you
any trouble just now.
[gasps]
[grunts]
That'll do, right, Mari?
Tatsuya, it really was just
a learning experience
for you, right?
Technically, there's nothing
in the school guidelines
that prohibits students
from teaching each other,
but using magic entails
some detailed restrictions.
Perhaps it's best to refrain
from self‐schooling
that uses magic activation.
[clears throat]
Because the president
herself seems
to be quite inclined,
I'm going to look
the other way this time,
but this had better
never happen again.
And what is your name?
I'm Tatsuya Shiba
in class 1E.
I will remember that.
[Shun] Hey,
I don't owe you anything.
I don't think that I
have anything over you,
so don't worry.
My name's Shun Morisaki.
I'm part
of the main Morisaki branch,
and this is not me
acknowledging you,
Tatsuya Shiba!
[Shun] I still say Miss Shiba
should be hanging with us.
So it's like that?
[Shun stammering]
Hey, brother,
why don't we head on home now?
Sounds good.
‐ [Honoka] Um...
‐ Mm?
[grunts]
I'm Honoka Mitsui.
I'm sorry
for what just happened.
[all gasping]
Thank you for covering for me.
That could've gone much worse.
I know what Shun said,
but it was thanks to you that
the situation didn't escalate,
big brother.
It's fine.
You're welcome.
But please don't call me
big brother.
We're both first years.
It's weird.
Very well, then.
What do you prefer I call you?
‐ Tatsuya is fine.
‐ All right.
So, um, I‐‐
I, um...
You can say it.
[whimpers]
Do you mind if I walk
to the station with you?
all: Huh?
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[distant traffic noises]
[Honoka] Okay, so it's Tatsuya
who keeps your CAD
in working order.
Is that right, Miyuki?
Yes.
Having him do it
is the only thing
that will put my mind at ease.
I just make some
minor adjustments.
‐ [Mizuki] That's true.
‐ [gasps]
But you wouldn't be able
to do that
unless you had the knowledge
to understand how
the OS works, right?
Besides that,
you also need the skills
to access
the CAD's basic system.
Pretty impressive.
Hey Tatsuya,
mind taking a look at mine, too?
Can't.
A unique CAD like yours
is way to risky
to mess around with.
[chuckles]
You really are as impressive
as they say.
How so?
The fact that you knew
right off that this was a CAD.
[chuckles]
Mm?
[Leonhard] An
engraving‐type spell?
[Erika] Right.
That's why it's
all hollow except for the hilt.
Meaning that you've got
to constantly feed it psions
to keep working, right?
How do you manage
to not run out of gas?
Ah, so you know your field
of study.
But sadly,
I'm not there yet.
It won't use up too much
if I only transmit
the psions at the moment
of extension and impact.
It's like the helmet‐splitting
principle.
Wait.
What's wrong with you guys?
‐ [Miyuki] Erika.
‐ Huh?
I think helmet‐splitting
is a technique categorized
under secret skills
or the arcane arts,
but it's way more than a matter
of having tons of psions.
Maybe the more likely truth
of it is that regular civilians
are just a rarity at our school.
I don't believe there
are any civilians
at Magic High School.
[all gasping]
[Leonhard] Yeah.
[Mayumi] Tatsuya!
Morning, Tatsuya.
And a very good morning
to you, too, Miyuki.
Yes, good morning, President.
Thanks.
Good morning to you, ma'am.
There's something I'd like
to discuss with you later,
Miyuki.
What are your plans
for lunch this afternoon?
Are you free?
[exhales]
[knocking]
[Mayumi] Come in!
Excuse me.
Hello, welcome.
Come on in.
Don't be shy.
Excuse me.
[both gasping]
‐ [clears throat]
‐ [gasps]
[lunch boxes clattering]
[Mayumi] I know we met
at the matriculation ceremony
but just in case,
next to me is our treasurer,
Suzune Ichihara, a. k. a. Rin.
Actually, President,
you're the only one
that calls me Rin.
[Mayumi] Next to her
is Mari Watanabe,
disciplinary committee
chairwoman.
And that's our secretary,
Azusa Nakajou,
or Ah‐chan.
[grunts]
President!
I beg of you,
please don't call me Ah‐chan
in front of the underclassmen!
I have a reputation to uphold,
too, you know.
Plus Hanzo who is serving
as our vice president.
Together the full
student council line up
for this semester.
Although I'm not a member.
‐ [Miyuki] Miss Watanabe?
‐ What is it?
Was that box lunch prepared
by someone else
or did you make it yourself?
I made it.
Surprised?
[Tatsuya] No, not at all.
[gasps]
We can tell by looking
at your hands, you see,
how much regular cooking you do.
[groans]
I know!
How about as of tomorrow,
we bring box lunches also?
Well, that does sound appealing.
But we'll have no privacy.
Honestly, you guys sound more
like you're
a couple than siblings
‐ [laughs]
‐ Oh, do we?
Well, I must admit.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] It has crossed
my mind
that if we weren't related
by blood,
we could very well be a couple.
True.
[gasps]
[all gasping]
I'm joking,
of course.
both: Huh?
‐ Hmm?
‐ Uh, never mind.
[whimpers]
[Miyuki] It's nothing.
Forget it.
[Mayumi] Why don't we get down
to business, then?
At this school
the student council president
is duly elected,
but all of the other officers
are either chosen
or dismissed
by the president alone.
With few exceptions,
the president also has
the power to appoint
or release the chairman
of each committee.
One such exception,
for example,
would be my own
disciplinary committee.
We appoint one officer each
to the student council,
the extracurricular
activities federations,
and the faculty committee,
but the chairman is chosen
by an internal election.
Hmm.
Now, in keeping with our
school's annual tradition,
it is now our pleasure
to appoint
the first year representative
to the student council.
Miyuki, I'd like you to be
the one who fulfills
that esteemed role.
Will you accept the appointment?
[groans]
[grunts]
Madam President,
do you know about
my brother's exam scores?
[gasps]
If the council wants to recruit
a qualified individual,
I believe my brother
is a far better choice than me.
That the student council's
asking me
to join their impressive ranks
honors me very deeply.
Uh, hey, Miyuki.
It would be my distinct pleasure
to join you at the foot
of your table,
honestly,
but is there any way that you
could bring my brother
on board as well?
‐ [all groaning]
‐ Unfortunately,
that won't be possible.
Officers of the student council
are chosen
from among course one students.
This is a respected precedent.
[Suzune] To overturn this rule,
the entire student body
would have to vote
for an overhaul
of the system at large.
[gasps]
My sincere apologies, then.
Please forgive me for being
so forward and so out of line.
Let's see here.
So are we agreed
that you'll officially
be joining us and coming
on board
as our new student council
secretary this semester, Miyuki?
[grunts]
[Miyuki] Yes.
I'll do everything in my power
to serve you well,
so please allow me to join you.
[giggles]
Ah‐chan will better explain
the particulars
of your new duties.
Understood?
[Mari] Can I jump in here?
all: Huh?
[Mari] There is one position
the disciplinary committee left
by a graduate that has yet
to be filled
by the student council.
Yes,
but we're still going through
the selection process.
I told you.
If I'm not mistaken,
selecting a course two student
as a student council nominee
wouldn't violate any rules.
‐ [grunts]
Isn't that true?
‐ Great call!
‐ Huh?
[Mayumi] For
the disciplinary committee,
it's no problem!
The council hereby nominates
Tatsuya Shiba
to the disciplinary committee!
Hold on a second, please.
Do I have any say
in this decision?
I mean,
in the first place,
you haven't even explained to me
what this committee even does.
Well, your sister'll have duties
on student council
but we haven't told her what
those are yet, either.
Well, yeah, that's true, but‐‐
It'll be all right, Rin.
Just take it easy.
Tatsuya, the disciplinary
committee maintains order
at this school.
[Tatsuya] Is that all they do?
Pardon?
[gasps]
Well, um, there main duties
are to charge those in violation
of the school
regulations regarding
the use of magic
and to crack down
on disorderly conduct involving
the same.
Just in case,
I'd like to confirm one thing.
Yes, what?
[Tatsuya] If I
understand correctly,
whenever a fight breaks out,
the disciplinary committee has
to stop it by force.
Is that right?
Well, more or less.
So then does that hold true
if any magic
is being used whatsoever?
Ideally, we'd manage to stop it
before they used any magic.
Sorry, but I'm course two
because my practical exam scores
were miserable.
‐ [Mari] That's fine.
[grunts]
We have me to deal
with tests of strength.
[school bell chimes]
[gasps]
Right, let's pick this up again
after school.
[Mari] That okay with you?
[exhales sharply]
[Tatsuya] Fine by me.
[exhales]
[magical chiming]
[Leonhard]
Disciplinary committee?
Yeah.
So anyway,
I've gotta go discuss it
with them again after school.
Well that sounds like
a giant pain in the ass.
Isn't what
the disciplinary committee does
kind of dangerous?
Wow
She does what she wants.
[Tatsuya] We're waiting, Erika.
Uh, oh, yeah.
Sorry.
But really,
what a load of B. S.
Uh, Erika?
[magical whooshing]
Yes!
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Tatsuya] It's slow.
[groaning]
[Tatsuya] Too slow,
in fact.
Come on.
Is this really
the best I can do?
I guess I don't belong here
after all.
[knocking]
Excuse us.
I'll just politely decline.
It's Tatsuya Shiba.
[Miyuki] And Miyuki Shiba.
Hey, you made it.
Hi, Miyuki.
Welcome.
[Mayumi] And we're glad
you came, too, Tatsuya.
[grunts]
I'm Gyobu Hattori,
the vice president.
We welcome you
to the student council, Miyuki.
[grunts]
Let's get started.
Ah‐chan, you're on.
[grunts]
Right.
[groans]
Okay, why don't we get moving,
then?
Where to?
Disciplinary committee
headquarters.
I suspect it would probably
be easier for you
to watch and learn from there.
[Gyobu] Miss Watanabe,
please wait a moment.
‐ What is it...
Vice president Hanzou
Gyobushoujo Hattori?
I told you not to call me
by my full name!
Fine, vice president
Hanzou Hattori.
It's Gyobu Hattori!
[Mari] But that's
a government post,
not a name.
Isn't your family‐‐
[Gyobu] We no longer hold
that office.
At this school I'm registered
as Gyobu Hatto‐‐
Wait, that's not the point.
What's your problem?
[grunts]
[Gyobu] I disapprove
of this first year
being appointed
to the disciplinary committee.
No Weed has ever been assigned
that specific position.
[Mari] It is forbidden to refer
to course two students
as Weeds.
You have some nerve to utter
that term in front of me.
Gloss it over all you want
but it does no good.
Be honest.
Do you intend to bust over
a third
of the entire student body
for it?
This committee's job
is to crack down on students
in clear violation of the rules
using practical skills.
[Gyobu] A Weed couldn't hack it.
They're too inferior.
Yes, our system is merit‐based,
but practical skills come
in many forms.
Tatsuya has the eyesight
and brains
to read activation
sequences directly,
and he can accurately predict
which spell's about
to be initiated.
No way!
Even an essential
singularity‐type
activation sequence
is loaded with data,
up to 30,000 letters.
I refuse to believe you
could read it that quickly.
Common sense tells us
there's no way.
You're right, which is precisely
the reason his skills
are so valuable.
[Mari] I know.
He's sure to be
a powerful deterrent
towards all those
would‐be violators
who keep getting off the hook,
because we can never
fully establish their crimes.
Anyway,
I have to admit,
there's one more reason why
I want him on my committee.
You see,
just as you keep on saying,
there's an emotional chasm
between course one and two.
[Mari] The course one
students insist
on policing course two,
but it's never the opposite.
This has only deepened the rift
with no end in sight,
which is not acceptable.
This is overt discrimination
and I simply won't allow it.
[gasps]
[stammers]
President,
as vice president,
I officially dispute
appointing Tatsuya Shiba
to the disciplinary committee.
A course two who lacks power
would be in over his head.
‐ Just a minute!
‐ [grunts]
[gasps]
Yes, it's true,
that my brother's practical
test scores were sub par,
but it was only because
his skills were incompatible
with the method of assessment.
[Miyuki] In actual battle,
my brother would defeat anyone.
[Gyobu] Miss Shiba,
a magician must
recognize everything
for what it really is
and do so quickly,
calmly,
and rationally.
Because we have the power
to make the impossible possible,
we are expected
to train ourselves rigorously
in order to maintain
full integrity
and serve the greater
public interest.
An aspiring magician
cannot allow her judgment
to be clouded by rank nepotism.
Pardon my bluntness,
but my judgment isn't
the least bit clouded.
With my brother's true gifts
and abilities, he could kick‐‐
[gasps]
Vice president Hattori.
[grunts]
How about a simulated battle?
What?
[all gasping]
Wow, the sheer arrogance.
You, a mere reserve!
[scoffs]
[Gyobu] What
are you smirking at?
Well, it's just that you said it
only moments ago.
[Tatsuya] Magicians must strive
to remain calm and cool,
remember?
‐ [grunts]
You see,
I want no part
of this committee,
but if I'm going to prove
my sister's judgment
is pure and clear,
I have no choice.
Have it your way,
but fair warning.
I'm about to show you just
how much you need
to learn your place here.
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
I'm so sorry, brother.
There's nothing
to be sorry about.
But once again
I've caused trouble for you
and it's all my fault.
[exhales]
[gasps]
Like I told you
at the ceremony...
You're always getting angry
on my behalf
since I can't get angry myself.
And it picks me up every time.
[gasps]
So you don't need
to say you're sorry.
I know a much more
fitting phrase right now.
[sniffles]
[whimpers]
Yes.
[Miyuki] I wish you good luck.
[Tatsuya] Sorry for the wait.
So do you always carry multiple
storage devices around with you?
[Tatsuya] Yes,
since I lack
the processing skills
to master a general CAD.
[scoffs]
Let's go over the rules.
[Mari] Spells that are known
to be fatal
as well as those that cause
your opponent irreparable damage
are expressly forbidden.
And direct attacks should
never cause your opponent
anything more than a sprain.
Weapons are prohibited.
Bare‐handed attacks
are permitted.
The winner will be declared
either when a party concedes
or when the referee determines
a party cannot continue.
I will respond
to any infractions with force
so be prepared.
That is all.
[Gyobu] In a battle
between magicians,
whoever strikes first
with a spell wins.
Also, a Bloom would never lose
to a Weed,
thanks to the speed
of his CAD‐based
spell activation.
Not only that,
but I hear even for a Weed
my rival's practical skills
are weak,
which means
I've already won before
the match starts.
And right after it does,
I'm going to launch
a simple speed‐oriented
activation sequence
and make sure it's complete
before Shiba's.
I know.
I'll cast
an essential singularity‐type
movement spell.
It'll knock his sorry ass back
a good ten meters,
and the shock
will render him unfit
for battle.
Then victory will be mine.
Are you ready?
Begin!
[device beeping]
[grunts]
[gasping]
[all gasping]
[gasps]
[stammers and gasps]
The winner is Tatsuya Shiba.
[ELISA's "Millenario"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪